Every year we organize more than 150 regional conventions in our branch territory.
Some convention locations are 50 kilometres or more away from the local congregations
and the families are poor.
Sometimes families have to work for two or more days to reach the convention location.
Generally, the Convention Committee will request local elders to ask families who live
in the town where the Convention is organized if they can accommodate brothers and sisters
coming for the Convention.
But the problem is that these families are poor too.
Even in that poverty, they are willing to give everything they have.
I host brothers who come for the Convention.
I will sell one of my pigs or chickens and with that money, we can all have something
to eat.
I know Jehovah is a generous God.
I also want to show that love for those who draw close to Him.
The Book of Philippians chapter 4 verses 12 and 13 teaches me not only to focus on my
own needs but also on the needs of my brothers.
I take in guests so they can hear Jehovah's teaching.
This gives me a lot of joy.
The spiritual food that Jehovah provides for us is helpful in this life and in the life
we live in the future.
That's why I consider it more important than physical food.
In reality, hospitality is not about our material possessions.
It's about the heart.